Project "Eins" Developer Release 1 (007)
Added a self-extract archive (only applies to builds released to the public).
Added a custom loader (only applies to builds released to the public). It's written in such a way that it fits on a single sector.
Added a configuration system. Right now you can only change the resolution (and both resolutions are hardcoded).

Project "Eins" Build 006.1
Made small changes to the interface (that you normally can't see) and added German (in the appropriately named "ABOS-DE.bat").

Project "Eins" Build 005.1
Currently working on the configuration system. Changed some unnecessary timeout commands to be pause commands (but they still have the >nul switch)

Project "Eins" Build 004.2
Had to recompile build 004 due to forgetting to re-enable the "Exit" function after the rewrite. Exiting now works again after not working in build 002.

Project "Eins" Build 004.1
Unified the "Exit" and "Restart" options into a single "Exit" option. However, I forgot to re-enable the function. This is fixed in the next compile of this build.

Project "Eins" Build 003.1
Added the ability to run the test application, and a help "utility".
Speaking of the test application, it now clears the screen before displaying anything, and has an extra message.
Made the code slim, now only 80 lines of code.
The test application will now be used to test application support on "Eins".

Project "Eins" Build 002.1 (Internal Developer Test #2)
Added 2 options to the environment itself: Show version and Restart.
Disabled exiting for a rewrite.
Gave the project a codename.
NOTE: This release comes with a sample application called "testapp".

Project "Eins" Build 001.1 (Internal Developer Test #1)
Just made this thing from scratch very quickly.
Testing cmdmenusel. For some reason, when I launch the environment from Notepad++, cmdmenusel doesn't work.
Has basic functionality for now. No dedicated installer.
No SKUs yet. Only SKU present right now is Lite (it'll be replaced later)